{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Title: Fiscal Progressivity and the Time Consistency of Monetary Policy\
Abstract: This paper studies how progressive fiscal policy influences the conduct of monetary policy in a\
tractable heterogeneous agent economies. A priori, progressive labor taxation is undesirable because\
it generates costly distortions. Nonetheless, it is an effective instrument to mitigate the inflation bias\
of monetary policy because it achieves a redistributive purpose. I analyze this commitment channel of\
progressive labor taxes through the lens of political conflicts. When agents vote on monetary and fiscal\
instruments, progressivity is decisive in curbing the inflation bias because it generates distributional con-\
flicts: lower-productivity agents support higher labor taxes to preserve the consumption value of money\
holding and shift the burden of tax distortions to higher-productivity agents. Anticipating the reduction\
in inflation, agents unanimously desire to adopt a progressive fiscal system.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 Evaluating the Financial Instability Hypothesis: a Positive and Normative Analysis of Leveraged Risk-Taking and Extrapolative Expectations\

\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 \
Abstract: Historical accounts of financial crises emphasize the joint contribution of extrapolative beliefs and\
leveraged risk-taking to financial instability. This paper proposes a simple macro-finance framework\
to evaluate these views. We find a novel interplay between non-rational extrapolation and investment\
risk-taking that amplifies financial instability relative to a rational expectation benchmark.\
Furthermore, the analysis provides guidance on the design of cyclical policy interventions.\
Specifically, relative to a rational expectations benchmark, extrapolative expectations command\
tighter financial regulation, irrespective of whether the regulator shares these expectations.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 World Cycles Revisited: Diverging Trends in Prices and Quantities\

\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 \
Abstract: We revisit evidence on world cycles using a new quarterly macro-financial dataset covering a broad set of countries from 1950 to the COVID-19 crisis. By filling historical data gaps, we show that previous studies overstated the influence of global factors on national GDP and credit fluctuations. Our central finding is a novel disconnect: asset prices have become increasingly synchronized under financial globalization, whereas output synchronization has remained low and stable. We propose a parsimonious model in which deeper financial integration raises risk-sharing and asset-price co-movement while encouraging riskier, less correlated production structures, thereby reconciling the observed patterns.\
\
Title: Austria One Century Apart: Persistent Effects of Hyperinflation on Inflation Expectations\
Abstract: Do historical inflation experiences influence the responsiveness of contemporary expectations to in-\
flation shocks? Using regional inflation data from Austria\'92s 1921\'9622 hyperinflation linked to contem-\
poraneous quarterly consumer surveys (May 2020\'96Oct 2024), we show that individuals from regions\
more exposed to past hyperinflation adjust expectations more sharply during inflationary shocks, rather\
than exhibiting permanently different baseline expectations. Regional media are shown to devote greater\
attention to inflation in areas with higher historical hyperinflation, suggesting a channel of intergener-\
ational transmission of economic attitudes. These results indicate historical inflation shapes behavioral\
sensitivity to shocks and carry policy implications for managing expectations during volatile periods.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 Monetary Stabilization of a Multi-Sector Economy: Adding Words to Action?\
Abstract: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 In a multi-sector economy, conventional monetary policy alone is insufficient for achieving optimal economic stabilization. We examine whether a central bank can leverage private information about economic conditions to enhance policy effectiveness and improve outcomes. Our normative analysis emphasizes that the central bank should refrain from manipulating private beliefs and, if disclosure is optimal, should communicate information truthfully. However, such a communication policy is generally not credible, as even a benevolent policymaker faces sequential incentives to influence the beliefs of price-setting firms to reduce price dispersion and its negative welfare effects. In the absence of commitment, reputation becomes crucial in shaping these incentives. Specifically, a policymaker who strategically discloses information may secure significant stabilization gains during her term, but at the cost of long-term economic inefficiency.\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 Public debt and fiscal policy traps\
Abstract: 
\fs36 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 We present a theory linking the cyclicality of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/social-sciences/taxation"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 tax}} policy to inherited public debt. When debt is low, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/social-sciences/taxation"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 tax}} policy is countercyclical, in the sense that the government responds to low output by setting a low tax rate. Above a threshold level of debt, however, optimal tax policy becomes procyclical. This creates the possibility of self-fulfilling crises (\'93fiscal policy traps\'94), in which output is low because households expect high {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/economics-econometrics-and-finance/taxation"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 taxes}}, and the government sets high {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/economics-econometrics-and-finance/taxation"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 taxes}} because output is low. Our model suggests why highly indebted governments might implement procyclical tax policy even without facing high sovereign risk premia.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 "Whatever It Takes" Is All You Need: Monetary Policy and Debt Fragility\
\
Abstract: 
\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\b0 \strokec2 The valuation of government debt is subject to strategic uncertainty. Pessimistic lenders, fearing default, bid down the price of debt, leaving a government with a higher debt burden. This increases the likelihood of default, thus confirming the pessimism of lenders. Can monetary interventions mitigate debt fragility? With one-period commitment to a state-contingent policy, the monetary authority can indeed overcome strategic uncertainty. Under discretion, debt fragility remains unless reputation effects are sufficiently strong. Simpler forms of interventions, such as an inflation target, cannot eliminate debt fragility.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 The evolution of European economic institutions during the COVID-19 crisis\
\
Abstract: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 This article argues that the incomplete economic and institutional integration of the euro area has exposed the monetary union to increasing economic divergence, which could be deepened by the COVID-19 crisis. We discuss how monetary and fiscal measures implemented at the onset of the pandemic have contributed to mitigate the economic consequences of lockdowns, but provided limited insurance to narrow economic gaps across member countries. However, EU countries agreed on July 21, 2020 to develop, for the first time, countercyclical fiscal transfers financed by common debt issuance. We discuss the potential of this instrument to contribute to improve the resilience of the eurozone.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 Furor over the Fed: A President\'92s Tweets and Central Bank Independence\
Abstract: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 We illustrate how financial market data are informative about the interactions between monetary and fiscal policy. Federal funds futures are private contracts that reflect investor\'92s expectations about future monetary policy decisions. By relating price movements of these contracts with President Trump\'92s tweets on monetary policy, we explore how financial market participants have perceived attempts by the President to influence monetary policy decisions. Our results indicate that market participants expected the Federal Reserve Bank to adjust monetary policy in the direction suggested by President Trump.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 Political Activism and the Provision of Dynamic Incentives: Growing the Pie in the Battle for Redistribution\
Abstract: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 This paper studies the determination of income taxes in a dynamic setting with human capital accumulation. The goal is to understand the factors that support an outcome without complete redistribution, given a majority of relatively poor agents and the inability to commit to future taxes. All agents agree 
\f2\i \strokec2 ex ante
\f0\i0 \strokec2  that limiting tax and transfers is beneficial but a majority favours large redistribution, 
\f2\i \strokec2 ex post
\f0\i0 \strokec2 , at the time of the vote. In a political influence game, group activism limits the support for expropriatory taxation and preserves incentives. In some cases, the outcome corresponds to the optimal allocation under commitment.\
\
Title: 
\f1\b\fs48 \strokec2 The Central Bank Strikes Back! Credibility of Monetary Policy under Fiscal Influence\
Abstract: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \strokec2 How should independent central banks react if pressured by fiscal policymakers? We contrast the implications of two monetary frameworks: one, where the central bank follows a standard rule aiming exclusively at price stability against the other, where monetary policy additionally leans against fiscal influence. The latter rule improves economic outcomes by providing appropriate incentives to the fiscal authority. More importantly, the additional fiscal conditionality can enhance the credibility of the central bank to achieve price stability. We emphasise how the level and structure of government debt emerge as key factors affecting the credibility of monetary policy with fiscal conditionality.}